# 2022.1.17

昨天晚上本来我是不想睡觉的，直接开始学，但是为了以后早上起的来，我就没有直接通宵了。

今天我完成了一项非常奇迹的任务，在闹钟响起3秒前起床。

Psychology还是很有用的，我真的就是7.5小时的基础睡眠，然后按1.5小时开始加减。

Machine learning algorithms build a model based on sample data, known as "training data", in order to **make predictions or decisions without being explicitly programmed to do so.**

**Labeling** typically takes a set of unlabeled data and augments each piece of it with informative tags.

In Keras, **dense is used to define a layer of connected neurons.**

An optimization problem seeks to minimize a loss function.

The optimizer figures out the next guess based on the loss function.

Convergence is quen guesses get better and better closing to a 100% accuracy.

The training takes place on the fit command.

*Shit,I hate jupyter notebook. They made me stupid when I writing my markdown. BTW: they don't check syntax error.*

(Sequential)[https://keras.io/api/models/sequential/]: That defines a sequence of layers in the neural network.

(Flatten)[https://keras.io/api/layers/reshaping_layers/flatten/]: Remember earlier where our images were a 28x28 pixel matrix when you printed them out? Flatten just takes that square and turns it into a 1-dimensional array.

(Dense)[https://keras.io/api/layers/core_layers/dense/]: Adds a layer of neurons

Each layer of neurons need an activation function to tell them what to do. There are a lot of options, but just use these for now:

(ReLU)[https://keras.io/api/layers/activations/#relu-function] effectively means:

if x > 0: 
  return x

else: 
  return 0
In other words, it it only passes values 0 or greater to the next layer in the network.

(Softmax)[https://keras.io/api/layers/activations/#softmax-function] takes a list of values and scales these so the sum of all elements will be equal to 1. When applied to model outputs, you can think of the scaled values as the probability for that class. For example, in your classification model which has 10 units in the output dense layer, having the highest value at index = 4 means that the model is most confident that the input clothing image is a coat. If it is at index = 5, then it is a sandal, and so forth. See the short code block below which demonstrates these concepts. You can also watch this lecture if you want to know more about the Softmax function and how the values are computed.

Great, time to convolution!

More about convolution: (Materials beyond)[https://bit.ly/2UGa7uH]

